Revision Questions - Java workouts (#2883)
enkidevs/curriculum: java/java-fundamentals/java-tips-i/use-comments-to-explain-the-purpose-of-code.md

```

This comment is better because it explains the purpose of the method; *why* we are adding 20% to `cost`.

---

## Revision

> Which of the following comments best describes the purpose of the code below?

Reviewer: what do you think about this phrasing?

```suggestion
Which of these comments best describe the purpose of the code?
```

```java
public BigDecimal addTax(BigDecimal cost) {
  BigDecimal costWithTax = 
    cost + (cost * 0.2);
  return costWithTax;
}

// A
/*Adds a 20% VAT tax to the product's cost*/

// B
/*Takes a value as a parameter, increases 
it by 20% and returns that value*/

// C
/*Returns a tax value*/

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
